# Systems-Analysis-and-Design-DriverPass
In this course, we explored the principles of systems analysis and design via the DriverPass project. The purpose of this project is to, in theory, develop an online web application and front-end website (a system) for our client, DriverPass. DriverPass is a business that offers online tests and on-the-road driving sessions to help prepare their customers to pass their DMV driving test. DriverPass has many features: it includes an account management system that uses role based access control (RBAC); It features an online component so that customers can shop for a service, just to name a few. Please refer to the Business Requirements and System Design documents for a detailed view of DriverPass.

My approach to this project, and software design in general, was to follow the 5 phases of Software Development Life Cycle:
- Planning: we performed research and gathered as much information as possible to determine the need and for a new system.
- Analysis: we studied, in depth, the user requirements for the new system (business, functional, and non-functional requirements), answering questions like: what exactly is required in the outcome of the project? We proposed a solution, including a time, budget, and resources to complete the project, to management for approval.
- Design: We produced more concrete, high-level diagram of the system that define the logic of the system and how individual modules come together to form the system as a whole. Process and object models. UML diagrams. Then we determined the technical requirements: the minutiae of the system such as the programming languages, frameworks, database systems, APIs and other resources that best suit the project requirements.
- Implementation - Our programmers tured the plans and blueprints into a well-tested system that is then distributed to the users.
- Maintenance - We will continue to offer post-release support for the system. In a way, a system can be thought of as a living organism that needs tending when it goes down. It is subject to improvement when user feedback reveals bugs and errors, or when the needs of the business evolve.
